The program ''ckjm'' calculates Chidamber and Kemerer object-oriented metrics byprocessing the bytecode of compiled Java files. The program calculates for each class the following six metrics proposed by Chidamber and Kemerer.

* WMC: Weighted methods per class
* DIT: Depth of Inheritance Tree
* NOC: Number of Children
* CBO: Coupling between object classes
* RFC: Response for a Class
* LCOM: Lack of cohesion in methods

In addition it also calculates for each class

* Ca: Afferent couplings
* NPM: Number of public methods

This is a fork that adds Args4j command line options for easier invocation and
CSV output for number crunching with Excel.

Command line options:
java -jar target/CKJM-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar 
 -h (--help)                     : Show this help message.
 -i (--use-stdin)                : Read class paths from standard input instead
                                   of adding them in the command line arguments.
 -j (--include-jdk-classes)      : True if the measurements should include
                                   calls to the Java JDK into account.
 -p (--only-public)              : True if the reports should only include
                                   public classes.
 -t (--type) [XML | CSV | PLAIN] : Output format to use.


If you use this tool in your research, please cite it as follows.
Diomidis Spinellis. Tool writing: A forgotten art? ''IEEE Software'', 22(4):9–11, July/August 2005. (doi:10.1109/MS.2005.111). 

Visit the original project's [http://www.spinellis.gr/sw/ckjm/ home page] for more information.
